햬퐷쩈헟
Polymer Science And Engineering
2018141431133
30.October
                                 Real Happiness
   In the first few college days, I felt a little confused with the new period in the study life. Just for being involved in social activities, a seemingly interesting activity caught my eyes.
모When I signed up for the voluntary activity in which volunteers will teach elementary school students Mathematics목Chinese or English, I deemed it would be a cushy job. So, I made little preparations for that.
모As we guys arrived at the appointed site, a barbershop, we met the kid몶s mom at first. We greeted and she shouted the kid out. Then, a boy, 10 years old approximately, came out from another shop with a baby hugged with his arms, welcomed us enthusiastically with a lively smile on his face. I thought, he must be an out-going boy, so it would be an interesting teaching experience and I was sure to do a good job.
모The boy wasn몶t embarrassed, but showed hospitality warmly.
모But things differed completely from what I had imagined. The boy was confused with his mathematic learning at first, so I examined his mathematic assignment. To my surprise, his assignment had been accomplished without any error, but he told me he wanted more than what he learned at school. What a studious boy. So, I tried my best to impart some knowledge that are more abstract. Simultaneously, the boy was listening quite attentively, as if he was experiencing a spiritual ablution. I had never seen such an eager목devoted mind desire to harvest the nourishment for the mind, a pure boy desperately yearning for the new things, and I can feel that, he is curious about what I was speaking. As I was reporting the humdrum theories목formulas and laws on the textbook, He suddenly asked a geometrical question, a question didn몶t match his age. But I can comprehended his interest in math, so I didn몶t slack off. I didn몶t just tell him what it is, on the contrary, I induced him to deduce the answer logically, in order to kindle and maintain his interest. He was satisfied with the process, for his own joy, someone else can hardly understand. 
모When he deduced the result he wanted, with pure delight, laughed with open-hearted enjoyment. At this moment, I comprehended what the happiness really is---find your interest and be devoted to that.
모Clouds drifted about, sun hidden with gentle breeze.
모몷What몶 s the college life like?몸
모몷Well, uh, It can be colorful, or it can be mundane, it all depends on yourself because you must be responsible for yourself.몸
모The boy grinned, as if he had devised a discreet plan for his prospective college life, but he must be looking forward to his future life, because through his fully hopeful expression I can learned.
모몷So, what do you desperately want to learn as your major in the future찌쎌 merely explored his inner interest. I found great potential in this immature mind.
모몷I love literature!몸 Like sunshine illuminated his mind, he excitedly spoke out.
모We discussed some topics about poetries and novels. I was amazed to find that he has distinct perspective, with profound insight towards some poems, maybe from an original child몶 s angel. He just expressed his opinions on the works by Bingxin, in a critical thought. He generalized the characteristics of her works in his own words, extolling the wonderful life and freshness, which refreshed my mind. He said when reading these works, he experienced relaxed, as if he was wandering in the wonderland.
모We were naturally chatting, rather than discussing some abstract feelings, and I found it relaxing to chatting with a 10-year-old boy, without any supposed gap generation. Breeze gently blew, no strong sunshine in the sky and temperature is moderate, reassuring restless mind. We exchanged ideas on real happiness, although he is still a 10-year-old boy, with immature thoughts, but still be invaluable treasure for a child몶 s mind, because pure children몶 s mind is the real poetry to depict. When we are chatting, I was suddenly evocative of a famous sentence by Bill Gates: I was so lucky to find out my hobby, and I was so fascinated, so far.
모Frankly, I confess that I had learnt a lot from him, since without this afternoon, I will not contemplate what I am chasing after, where my interest lies in.
모 What몶 s the real happiness? Maybe, just be pure, be curious for the world, for the mystery. Maybe, happiness is just on the corner.
모May there be enough clouds in your life to make a beautiful sunset.
모
모





                                                                Wu Yuzhang Honors College 
                                                                                
                                                                Xin       Page     2/3
                                                 

                                                              Wu Yuzhang Honors College 
                                                                                
                                                                Xin       Page     3/3
                                                         


                                                     Wu Yuzhang Honors College 
                                                                                
                                                                   Xin       Page     1/3
                                              

